that there is no death penalty and
suddenly there is a life sentence, that means
an agreement has been reached somehow And
well, it is something that if they have
achieved it, well, their balls okay but it is
either the death penalty or life imprisonment, I
think it is the death penalty The only
way that it would not be the death penalty
would be apparently by collaborating a lot more
that it is not the death penalty or life
imprisonment, they have bought the judge, the prosecutor
or someone, it is that clear and within
public opinion in Thailand it would not be
understood, it would not be understood that
everything can be bought in Thailand, but it
cannot break the reputation, first of all, of
the police and second of the country, because
being such a high-profile case, if a
scandal like this happens or a sentence so low
suddenly you do not know when they say in
Spain and on whom the
prosecutor's office depends, okay, I will tell you now And on
whom does corruption depend in Thailand